- on the backside as well push that clip
in there and that red piece pull this
off without cover then we got eight
millimeter bolts here goes off maybe a
10 millimeter bolt actually back there
for a ground wire
Korver interaction at 10 millimeter
you take the coil off because there's a
millimeter bolt back there so there's
our like a round wire there ten
millimeter so I'll take the 10
millimeter bolt out and then the eight
millimeters in the back I'm gonna see
where these notches are so get those out
and we'll see booking the valve cover
out
we got three volts and bolts in the
valley to
their screwdriver pry it up she'll be
able to wheel it out of here
so there you go were removed by valve
cover on my 1999 with the breeze 2.4
liter dual overhead cam